[FLINK-13105][table][doc] Add documentation for blink planner's built-in functions (#9002)
apache/flink: docs/dev/table/functions.md

        <p>E.g. <code>truncate(42.345, 2)</code> to 42.34. and <code>truncate(42.345)</code> to 42.0.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
      <td>
        {% highlight text %}
PI()
{% endhighlight %}
      </td>
      <td>

>       <p>Returns a value that is closer than any other values to pi.</p>

Author: LGTM.

>       <p>Only supported in blink planner. Only supported in SQL api.</p>

Reviewer: All the "Only supported in SQL api." can be removed. Because you only add the function introductions under the "SQL" tab.

Author: OK.

        <p>E.g., <code>TO_BASE64('hello world')</code> returns "aGVsbG8gd29ybGQ=".</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
      <td>
        {% highlight text %}
ASCII(string)
{% endhighlight %}
      </td>
      <td>
        <p>Returns the numeric value of the first character of <i>string</i>. Returns NULL if <i>string</i> is NULL.</p>
        <p>Only supported in blink planner. Only supported in SQL api.</p>
        <p>E.g., <code>ascii('abc')</code> returns 97, and <code>ascii(CAST(NULL AS VARCHAR))</code> returns NULL.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
      <td>
        {% highlight text %}
CHR(integer)
{% endhighlight %}
      </td>
      <td>

>         <p>Returns the ASCII character having the binary equivalent to <i>integer</i>. If <i>integer</i> is larger than 255 the result is equivalent to chr(bitand(integer,256). Returns NULL if <i>integer</i> is NULL.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <p>Returns the ASCII character having the binary equivalent to <i>integer</i>. If <i>integer</i> is larger than 255, we will get the modulus of <i>integer</i> divided by 255 first, and returns <i>CHR</i> of the modulus. Returns NULL if <i>integer</i> is NULL.</p>
```

bitand is not supported.

Author: Make sense, will fix it soon.
